How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?
1. Viewing the diff helped focus in on the specific areas of difference between the files.
2. Instead of having to go line by line through the entire code, it only displayed the key differences.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient prgrammer in the long term?
1. If you accidentally delete important code, it would not require redoing it all to restore.
2. If an error is introduced, you can use version control to find the changes between when the file worked and did not.
And then focus only on those areas and changes to determine cause of error.
3. You could explore new ideas and techniques from a known working version.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google docs does?
1. Pros: only save when a significant change happens; not excessive amount of saves.
2. Cons: may create a commit for too much or too little information. not automatic.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
1. in the VCS the sum of the previous changes between the files is important to each particular commit. where in google, each file is independent.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
1. Git Log gives the entire list of commits within the repository.
2. Git diff can show the changes between two commits within the repository

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
1. You'd have a safety net by being able to roll back to a previously known good commit, if any later ones introduced an error.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
1. version control and submission for projects I create for the front-end web developer nano-degree

